Update generate_api_keys.md (#443)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/getting_started/generate_api_keys.md

1. Click on the `+ API key` button
2. Give a name and a description to your key (description should be more than 10 characters and less than 100 characters)
3. Select one or more roles to associate with your key. For instance, if you want to use your key to retrieve information from the Intelligence Center, please select the role `ic_viewer - Intelligence Center Read-Only`
4. Click on `Save`

!!! note
    The key will only be displayed once. We recommend you to save it into a vault.

## Revoke an API Key

Revoking an API key will make it unusable. It’s rather easy to do but keep in mind that it’s an action that cannot be reversed.

To revoke an API key, please proceed with the following steps:

> 1- Go to `Managed communities` page (Top right on your name initial)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1- Go to `Managed communities` page by clicking on your avatar in the upper right of the screen
```
